#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0 tvg-LOGO="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/4/4f/%C3%8Dcone_do_Google_Play_Filmes.png" group-title="IPTV +",IPTV +
https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/WmHx2uO6-_8Ph0nl1tPs9LHuoH7mTWkOgGD6kLCplibn7UXVikP_-EWrsbr_tTwNXKHZug

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/uVALAeLEMGMf3oYpvdVi4uuaNOo_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",007 Operação Skyfall
http://03.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/8322.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TAgADB1taCwFWBwBTAQRXVlZWW1oOB1RXAgQDUgFbB1REGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAxXAgZOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NUClpRSBZGC1cRWUYAVgIDDBoUEAcbRVcUXQdYO1RRFApbB0deFhROEVwNO1UDWVdbXBoIQFMTHkRaFURGChYjDVwHFxdbWEJ+UhEHXhUUdVpdVFoNQ1QSJVoHFChEUANDFUIoIRYaQFFaFxZQElEUDxoBBFFBHRAFXBNaEEJNQFkaIDdGGBQHS0cGCkIPW1gXAhpfElcTHkRaFWsWVUcWEV0DCAFGFFgRA0FIEwtVTmpbV1wMBlJGD1wIR0YKFlNBFEAIC1pfFlxBPBRYAhYMW01UXh8=
#EXTINF:0 logo-id="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/zlWBxz2pTA9p45kUTrI8AQiKrHm_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",007 Cassino Royale
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/8323.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TVQZUVAhcB1taBQBTBV9QBVFQVQEBUlJcBANUBARRBQhEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAxXAgdOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NTDVpUSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/hE24GYddaxB9MVZl1CaiI86M3kp_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",007 Contra Spectre
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/8323.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUQ1QDVoLVAFaUAFWUFZQBwYAW1UBB1cCAwADCwoCBlBEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAxXAgdOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NSD1ZVSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/6mlNx0Jiqhg3D7NlANT9pidsgPJ_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",007 Quantum of Solace
http://04.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/8327.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXwBUAA4JBFNUBgNTAVMNUFMNVVJcA1NWAAVWVQJaVQdEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAxXAgNOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NRDVNWSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8880/images/i36NEi5TSYSxmu6dO0K1cAWxjGx_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",12 Rounds
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/14526.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUFZUAV0JBlFRBgoFAQRVVAAAAFcIB1YCBQMGVQoFUQBEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVQBQZUTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSAVFRVRgUElpXQV4TVwcEAA4aHkAGSUYDQQhVCG9QBxVRAQBGDhRAHxEMCm4CUVtUVlwQWEEBEEoRD0cUEg5AIlYGABZHWQwTfgIWUglHFnZXXV4KDBFXRnAPVUR8QAYCGE9FKXEUThFRChBDB0BTFwIaA1tUBRBKEQVbEV5AEBoaWEcmZhROEVYbEFQIR19aVhoIQA5BBkQfRF0Xb0YHEEwQAAVZUxARCUFUE0oWW1RAZ1ENDV9XBUcPWwpDFlhBCUBJRllZDFpHDBZuFl1SFwJWRw4PTA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/4gpW4MkRI0BB17GHOJzXq0WamDP_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",13 Horas Os Soldados Secretos de Benghazi
http://04.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/10412.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TA1IGVg9dUFsACVZWUAQMBlQNUlcIU1BdAANUAQpRAgJEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVUBAVQTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSCltTURgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8880/images/zf1idF1ys8zuaAzEEzghre5A4m3_small.jpg" group-title="Acao",2012
http://04.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/10412.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TA1IGVg9dUFsACVZWUAQMBlQNUlcIU1BdAANUAQpRAgJEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVUBAVQTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSCltTURgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/vo5j5OZIdnfMIZSkVfSvh8cJUU_small.jpg" group-title="Animação",101 Dalmatas
http://05.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/9831.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUAYDDAlcB1RbUAMEV14FBwQGWlEMUVMABQBRAwVQVFREGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXA1cAwVOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NQC1BWSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/6mlNx0Jiqhg3D7NlANT9pidsgPJ_small.jpg" group-title="Animação ",A Bailarina
http://03.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/3034.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TA1IOUVkAU1RXVAFUUldRAgFQWgddVgBWDQYAUQZVVlREGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAdUAwBOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NbD1ZdSBZGC1cRWUYAVgACBRoUEAcbRVcUXQdYO1RRFApbB0deFhROEVwNO1UDWVdbXBoIQFMTHkRaFURGChYjDVwHFxdbWEJ+UhEHXhUUdVpdVFoNQ1QSJVoHFChEUANDFUIoIRYaQFFaFxZQElEUDxoJA1FVEx5EUAlBCkRGG0ECQCc2FhpAVksXAV8VXVlbGgIQDxMFEEoRD0c7QlERF0oHBAlRREAJEVNGHURZV01nW10MDVRREloJWhcSDkBSGk5HCVtYC0dcETtBD1AUD1ZNXg4e

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8880/images/paS5plbzKz3PYddxky6svYYz3hS_small.jpg" group-title=" Comédia",10 Coisas que Eu Odeio em Voce
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/13656.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXwIAUAleBlRUBVFfBlYHVFIAA1sAUFRWUgIHAwRTAQlEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVXBgFUTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSAVZRVBgUElpXQV4TVAEOBggaHkAGSUYDQQhVCG9QBxVRAQBGDhRAHxEMCm4CUVtUVlwQWEEBEEoRD0cUEg5AIlYGABZHWQwTfgIWUglHFnZXXV4KDBFXRnAPVUR8QAYCGE9FKXEUThFRChBDB0BTFwIaAFBbBxBKEQVbEV5AEBoaWEcmZhROEVYbEFQIR19aVhoIQA5BBkQfRF0Xb0YHEEwQAAVZUxARCUFUE0oWW1RAZ1ENDV9XBUcPWwpDFlhBCUBJRllZDFpHDBZuFl1SFwJWRw4PTA==

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/c6Nu7UjhGCQtV16WXabqOQfikK6_small.jpg" group-title="Aventura",127 Horas
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/13373.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXlBXUQoBV1sAVwNXAlBXXAcMVwAKWlFUDQNQBgJbUghEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVXAwNRTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSAVZcUBgUElpXQV4TUwwHBxoUEAcbRVcUXQdYO1RRFApbB0deFhROEVwNO1UDWVdbXBoIQFMTHkRaFURGChYjDVwHFxdbWEJ+UhEHXhUUdVpdVFoNQ1QSJVoHFChEUANDFUIoIRYaQFFaFxZQElEUDxoKA1VaEx5EUAlBCkRGG0ECQCc2FhpAVksXAV8VXVlbGgIQDxMFEEoRD0c7QlERF0oHBAlRREAJEVNGHURZV01nW10MDVRREloJWhcSDkBSGk5HCVtYC0dcETtBD1AUD1ZNXg4e
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/ubMFT42itwYEPhyU9xwsvq8eIhC_small.jpg" group-title="Evangelicos",A Caminho da Fé
http://05.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/4543.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TBwMPAgheVFRVVQsDUVIGB1VVBAIJVFUAVw5SAwUFAgFEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXABRBAdOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NXDFpSSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/3yJUlOtVa09CYJocwBU8eAryja0_small.jpg" group-title="Evangelicos",A Espera de um Milagre
http://03.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/7535.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUQBXDQlaUAdWAVcEUgcMXAYBWwcAAwABBAEDUAtTVwdEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXANRAwFOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1BVCVdRSBZGC1cRWUYAUg0EDBoUEAcbRVcUXQdYO1RRFApbB0deFhROEVwNO1UDWVdbXBoIQFMTHkRaFURGChYjDVwHFxdbWEJ+UhEHXhUUdVpdVFoNQ1QSJVoHFChEUANDFUIoIRYaQFFaFxZQElEUDxoBB1FBHRAFXBNaEEJNQFkaIDdGGBQHS0cGCkIPW1gXAhpfElcTHkRaFWsWVUcWEV0DCAFGFFgRA0FIEwtVTmpbV1wMBlJGD1wIR0YKFlNBFEAIC1pfFlxBPBRYAhYMW01UXh8=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/tWqifoYuwLETmmasnGHO7xBjEtt_small.jpg" group-title="Fantasia",A Bela e a Fera
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/21.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUAxQVggOA1taBwACBAQEVVMDAVZaVVECUQVaVgRbUVdEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAZVHBYXEF0QOg1QFFgRC1ZTCFYGFBkaTFsPBhMIVwZSAVMBAFtTAU5HFF1SQAkRUkYdRFFOQV1KXAMPblYDRQ9XARIOQEEUQAoKa1IHXlINABNcFgYXFBpbERMTCERyCFABQkcNDRgvBBZXWRETcAwBXQ5bFlAYe1sDQ31GAlJGGUR9cUBPGgAMEEZXFlYRWQpEClgaF1tXRwwXQ0tECUR2NhIYQAZAFgAKR18NXRFZRlwWABQZGlFBPRFUQRJBA1UJVUZAWRpSR0gWWwNLbAALXwhRVUFRV1wRQQsQVxFKFglfWgsXVxA6FF1SQAldFghdGw==

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/dvHl1dYvaZRhj9Gk0ITcCHr4DIJ_small.jpg" group-title="Fantasia",A Fantastica Fabrica De Chocolate
http://05.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/10330.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXgNVAQxbB1VVBwFWUl4AVwQEAVcPVF1SVgYBClAHVQZEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVUAwdSTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDVNQVBgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/7eVo5DbP7gcsDzHcpRCTA6JAuF2_small.jpg" group-title="Faroeste",A Balada do Pistoleiro
http://06.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/10606.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TVwcBAAtaB1tXAVMAVwVRUwNVUAABBwAFBQVaCwQCUVREGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVUBgRUTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDlJdURgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8880/images/e4j7s9SzaJTfjkorMX1iY38IzZi_small.jpg" group-title="Faroeste",A Proposta
http://06.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/14872.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXgZXAgsBAwAHUgFXClIMVgQMB1UPUFVVAlUABgVbBQBEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVQCANQTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDlBdUBgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/cgxEscv6TQRK6a514FwuJOjcqQ5_small.jpg" group-title="ficção cientifica",A 5ª Onda
http://02.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/9175.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TVVEPVg8IUFVWBAVVUV5RB1YFVQZcUVFRAgZaCwtbBVREGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXA1VBwFOQU0RABZrXwYRCUFcBFENBgcaFBAWClxXRAlXAVAFA1NVDFNUSBZGC1cRWUYARBgUUEBMVxANUF45VwNCDVNRQFkaQElGW1g9V1YOBV8CFgwXCBoeQApCQkQJRHUKVFEQEFcMRSlVRAFcQEMnXgNYXloYXRIhClASKkcCVUQdFC8mGk5HBl1CEFJHBkYLCEFaWRQaUQ0WX0YUSkQORnJmQE8aBx0QUVgRWlwNRgtEWUYBGhQQCxBuQANAEkYBUVkHERpYR1QWGkBeUhs7UglaWFBbTFsNDUIQXBFXFkgSWQ0NURYKFmtGC1cRWQpEClhL
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8880/images/qmDpIHrmpJINaRKAfWQfftjCdyi_small.jpg" group-title="ficção cientifica",A Origem
http://03.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/13913.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TUVAHUAhZCgdaCAdXBFYCXAYGA1QLU1NSUAdVUgBSVAVEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVXCQVRTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVRDVFSUxgUElpXQV4TVwUHBg0aHkAGSUYDQQhVCG9QBxVRAQBGDhRAHxEMCm4CUVtUVlwQWEEBEEoRD0cUEg5AIlYGABZHWQwTfgIWUglHFnZXXV4KDBFXRnAPVUR8QAYCGE9FKXEUThFRChBDB0BTFwIaA1ZWABBKEQVbEV5AEBoaWEcmZhROEVYbEFQIR19aVhoIQA5BBkQfRF0Xb0YHEEwQAAVZUxARCUFUE0oWW1RAZ1ENDV9XBUcPWwpDFlhBCUBJRllZDFpHDBZuFl1SFwJWRw4PTA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/9xzRKUBIqLwhhOYtcE7P1BbWXP9_small.jpg" group-title="Fantasia",Alien vs Predador 1
http://04.lisspro.com/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/10510.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TBwwPUAoBVFAGUlFfUQJQBlQNWgYAWwNRUQNWB1ZTAQFEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVUBQVSTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDldTUxgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/j4YBuAe8D1jDSiitpq69og9x3Yl_small.jpg" group-title="infantil",A Bela Adormecida
http://05.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/12658.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXldVVwldUANbVwNfV1MDVwAFUVsOBFVVBlRRAAJXUgNEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVWBgFaTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDlVXURgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="http://listaccess.me:8080/images/1wBaiset3LLsbAarLlEkwlKyi5t_small.jpg" group-title="infantil", Barbie e as Sapatilhas Magicas
http://05.lisspro.com:8880/movie/LvUAVPTOH6/1234567890/12658.mp4?token=HxZeA0BbQV4TXldVVwldUANbVwNfV1MDVwAFUVsOBFVVBlRRAAJXUgNEGBRGTEpXAw5uWwIRXAVWBgFaTxoXFgFGaQtXEVlGCVMDDwUKGh5AF1hfAxFcBVEEAVVSDlVXURgUElpXQV4TVxYaF11ARgcRX1MKbAJREllXB0ECQEdIFlkMbFcGCVAIUBQPGggQTkFYQRYRXBYlXlAHEUsNC0R5VxBQXBBEcglRWl1XGFdCIFhTRn8SUAUQGUIufUBJRlZfFkFSFwETXFpDWVQUEAEMRFwSQR8WXhJ2MEEUQAAcQFMMQFoMChNcFltFDBoeQApCbRRWFUAWVVUPBkpAX0YEFE4RXgIcbgVbWFtdW0YLDF9BRAlEBUYcFg8MVgsRC0ZpElpXQV5fE1haSA==
